Migrate api section to 6 0 (#11687)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/cli-options.md

---
title: 'CLI options'
---

> React Storybook comes with two CLI utilities. They are `start-storybook` and `build-storybook`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook comes with two CLI utilities: `start-storybook` and `build-storybook`.
```

Author: Fixed with latest commit

> They have some options you can pass to alter the storybook behaviors. We have seen some of them in previous docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass these commands the following options to alter Storybook's behavior.
```

Author: Fixed with latest commit

> Here are all those options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed with latest commit
